[Keyboard] Add 3W6HS (#22539)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/beekeeb/3w6hs/readme.md

# 3W6HS

![3W6HS](https://i.imgur.com/CPxwGSth.jpeg)

The 3W6HS is a hotswap, RP2040, low profile, split keyboard with 36 keys, modified from 3W6 by weteor.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [beekeeb](https://github.com/beekeeb)
* Hardware Supported: RP2040
* Hardware Availability: [https://shop.beekeeb.com/](https://shop.beekeeb.com)

> ## Bootloader
> 
> To enter the bootloader, follow these steps:
> 
> * Disconnect the keyboard from the computer.
> * Locate the BOOT button, which is the top button on the left side of the keyboard.
> * While holding down the BOOT button, connect the keyboard back to the computer.
> 
> ## Flashing example
> 
> Flashing examples for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     make beekeeb/3w6hs:default
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make beekeeb/3w6hs:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make beekeeb/3w6hs:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

To enter the bootloader, follow these steps:
* Disconnect the keyboard from the computer.
* Locate the BOOT button, which is the top button on the left side of the keyboard.
* While holding down the BOOT button, connect the keyboard back to the computer.
```

# 3W6HS

> ![3W6HS](https://i.imgur.com/CPxwGSth.jpeg)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![3W6HS](https://i.imgur.com/CPxwGSt.jpeg)
```
